there's a growing trend among college
students known as drunkorexia and this
is something that I didn't hear anything
about up until now but it's something
that I definitely experienced myself
when I was in college it turns out that
more and more college students are
completely skipping dinner they're
eating something either very light or
not eating dinner at all and then they
go out and they consume all the calories
while drinking now they do this for two
different reasons one they want to
reduce the amount of calories they
consume at dinner that way they can
consume calories during partying and not
feel guilty about it later and not feel
full is that the thing no no no it for
some students especially female students
this is part of an eating disorder they
don't want to consume too many calories
those they're counting calories so
they're like well I'm gonna go drink so
I'm just not going to have dinner which
is stupid okay and then there are of
course other students who aren't doing
it for the calories or whatever they're
doing it because they want to get drunk
faster they want to binge drink on an
empty stomach so they feel drunk
immediately right so I experienced
college students like that all the time
when I was in college I just didn't
realize that this was now a growing
trend and a huge problem when it comes
to eating disorders I guess we were just
fatties because there's a thing do we
this is the plan and like I don't know
me I'm feel like Namba getting to these
old man stories like back in the day we
used to do it this way dude we made sure
we ate before we went out and got drunk
like dude listen let me get that triple
cheeseburger from Wendy's that large fry
and the super drink and then when they
start drinking our beer like dude this
is exactly the point because we're gonna
drink our asses off tonight let's get a
lot of food in us so it won't look like
effing idiots stumbling around drunk on
an empty stomach like that was the plan
like if someone didn't even before we
went out we're like what's wrong with
you idiot yeah you're not carrying your
dumb ass home I know Eve you on the curb
first the first of all I agree with your
plan my plan was even fattier than your
plan because when we would go out and
drink in my opinion the best part about
going out and drinking is having a drunk
meal afterwards
yeah we're too here yo I love more right
after man so you have like your I would
have a pretty like light dinner but by
light I mean rather than having like two
cheeseburgers I have one cheeseburger
right so because I didn't want to be too
full and then not be able to drink I
hated that too and then you
and you have a couple beers or you know
a couple cocktails maybe a little jungle
juice if you're feeling up for it and
then afterwards you go and you have like
a bacon-wrapped hot dog on the streets
of Hollywood or something oh yeah I
forgot I forgot you were actually we
never left the school it was it was all
around you go walk down to the windows
you get your triple cheeseburgers you go
back to the to the spot we sit around
talk shit drink your beers after your
meal then we eventually go out because
you know sometimes we can even make it
up cuz you get drunk at home you make it
out you go to the parties kick it and
then you come and then at the other
night then on the way back then you stop
at Del Taco then you stop and talk about
McDonald's and you bring the food man
it's it was it was drinking and eating
eat and drink and then eaten oh it's the
best and then you pass out and you wake
up the next day like shit I'm hungry did
not eat before went to sleep and eat
again understand what's wrong these
people all of a sudden now you
understand Annie and Jake you they're
like drinking like propelled us this is
so backwards what's going on and it's
not like you had any less ass in college
because you ate before you drank dude
you still hook up with somebody's drunk
right under these kids don't know what
the hell they're doing I mean no here's
the thing here's the thing of course a
group of these people have a serious
eating disorder right and with those
people they need they need therapy they
need help they're not doing it for any
other reason other than trying to keep
their calorie count low but when you're
doing that you're actually causing
long-term health effects okay you might
have issues cognitive issues for
instance issues concentrating issues
studying there was a study done that
said that you might have problems making
decisions for the rest of your life like
it has a serious impact on your brain so
don't do that and also when you're that
drunk it's not a fun place to be it's
it's a horrible place to be you feel
sick you feel nauseous you make risky
decisions so you want to be smart about
it for the other people who just want to
get wasted and they want to binge drink
on an empty stomach because it's good to
get drunk faster you're an idiot
okay you need to have something in your
stomach again you're gonna cause these
long-term health effects that are gonna
follow you around for the rest of your
life yes there are other issues of I
mean I think people will do that or
didn't used to do that like making sure
they drink on an empty stomach get
fucked up then
they're trying to just be you know
they're trying to blend into the party
more some they have they have less
social skills
you know I'm thinking well I got to
drink a lot before I go and defer go to
this party you know because then I look
like an idiot then I look like an idiot
they just want some liquid courage yeah
and then it backfires you look like an
ad because you're that drunk